OPEN NN FRAMEWORK

Version 0.0 :

Remember to research on more snorm and tnorm operators and add them to open_nn    --   pending

Also, Einstein product -- not sure it works properly....verify it!!!              --  works

Okay, now its official....check all now, not just einstein...but all the tnorm and snorm operators

Also add, delete and random access functions for the fuzzy sets						--  pending

convert the vector into a hashmap, that way you can ensure unique members in the fuzzy set and avoid repetitons			--  DONE

Most importantly, test everything and make sure it works!!

In the Concepts related to fuzzy sets, the preliminary tests are complete!!...it had one error in the boolean expression of alpha cut...got that corrected


NOTE :

ALL THE WORK DONE SO FAR HAS BEEN DEPRECEATED IN FAVOUR OF THE NEW OPEN NN ...

THE CODE IN THE PREVIOUS VERSION HAD DESIGN PROBLEMS

THE BASIC UNIT OF FUZZY SETS fuzzy_set WAS NOT EASILY REFACTORABLE AND WAS NOT heirarchical, plus, duplicates could easily creep in and checking was required at every level.

THEREFORE, THE NEW CLASS nn_fuzzy WILL BE THE NEW BASIC UNIT OF FUZZY SETS

Version 0.1 :

Thanks to the new data structure, duplicate values cannot exist in the set...we are using hash maps by the way..instead of vectors

Now the design is better, you can refactor the basic set without worrying about the set operations/functions

Making it a different data structure would be a cake walk with the new design, otherwise, all the functions also had be refactored depending on the data structure...

Rewrite the complement function in the new format, otherwise it would defeat the whole purpose of new version....yes, i'm talking about nn_fuzzy_set...			-- DONE

Now, include all the functions for fuzzy sets

Functions to be included --  tnorm, snorm and concepts related to fuzzy sets    -- DONE

Also Boundary testing has to be done for all the basic functions in nn_fuzzy.h and nn_fuzzy_set.h

Backup copy of the latest version with deleted references of the previous version backed up in time machine and cloud   --DONE

Figure out, how to compile as dylibs and as .a(static libraries) files, as this is a framework.

Also learn to write apple scripts to package this as an application bundle.

try and get xcode 4

Okay, all the basic fuzzy operations and concepts on fuzzy sets are done in the new heirarchical model. Next step, testing(obviously) and add the next layer of the heirarchy.

Extensions, convex sets, symmetric sets etc....

okay, right now, not sure what convex set and symmetric set means exactly, therefore going to do the extension principle now. Get back to the other two later. Remember, to ask sir about these two, without fail.

